
*Phone Ringing

‘Put it on speaker’, the inspector instructed

‘Hello’, She said

‘Listen to me very carefully. Your Kid is with me. Yes, I know, someone from the police is listening to this right now. Be ready with 20 lakhs and wait for my next call’- phone disconnected

‘ Inspector I want my kid back. I am giving him the money.’, She said and cried

‘Mam, I can understand your pain and I would be doing the same if was in your place, but please try to understand. This kidnapper doesn’t seem professional. I assure you , your kid will be with you in the same state as he was in the last time. Just give us a chance to handle the situation’

‘Inspector, he is my only kid. I don’t want any single scratch on him’

*phone Ringing again

‘Hello’

‘I know , till now the inspector has told you how naïve and unprofessional I am in this field of kidnapping. To ask for 20 lakhs doesn’t ask for tension. Right? I don’t look like dangerous right? Change of the deal now. Mr. Inspector , now judge me please. The new deal is, now I want 2 crores. I was not in the favor of any blood show earlier, but now I am up for anything tonight. My next call will be my last call and that will happen 5 minutes from now. Professional, ain't it??’- phone disconnected

‘Inspector, I want my kid anyhow. Please save him’

‘Mam, do you mind if I may ask you, can you manage the ransom money in case of emergency. This son of a bitch was not at all the one I predicted. I am not saying that we could not handle the situation without the ransom money, but I want to explore all the safe options’

‘No, I do not have that much amount and I want my kid back inspector. Do whatever you can do’

*phone ringing

‘hello’

‘Now that you have changed your perception about me , there is a good news for you. I still want that 20 lakhs , not more than that. Do you watch cricket?’

‘No, but why?’

‘Wrong choice. No problem, I thought your husband works for this cricket committee so you would have an interest in it.Now this is not the case, switch on to the channel number 455. What do you see?’

‘ A cricket match’

‘Score?’

‘I don’t know. I don’t know cricket much’

‘Learn it, then’, he shouted

‘What do you want me to do’, she cried again

‘ I just want you to know that Ishan has life only till this match is running. I want you to be present with the money in the Sachin Tendulkar stand of this stadium. Your target is to save your kid and you have only 265 balls remaining. Hope for more wides and no balls’, he laughed and disconnected.

‘Rush rush, hurry up. Mam how much money do you have now ?’, inspector asked

‘I have 20 lakhs in the locker’

‘Take them out, we might be needing them’

‘Listen I don’t want any media attention. Ishan’s father is in Dubai and I don’t want him to know about it there, understand’

‘yes Mam’

2 Hour later.

‘How many balls are left?’

’30 maam’, he said, and they move into the stands.

As they didn’t know whom to find in the stand , they started searching restlessly every single corner of the stand. When only five balls were remaining she saw her Ishan dancing and enjoying in the stand

‘Ishaaan' , she kissed and hugged her as much as she could.

‘Mumma’, he was happy.

‘Who bring you here?’the inspector asked

‘Uncle brought me here, he said you are coming to take me, so he left. He asked me to give you this’, and he handed her a piece of paper.

Next morning

NDTV INDIA

‘There is a shocking incidence happened in Delhi yesterday. A 21 year old cricket player committed suicide in his home at paharganj. Ravi das has been the captain of his school cricket team and college team. Ravi Das is the same man, who is known for his record of highest score of 889 runs in a single inning in a test match played on school level. Reason behind his decision of leaving this world are still unknown. A sad day for India today’

She opened the slip…

‘Mam, I am sorry for what I am doing to you. Two years ago on this very same day, a team for Ranji Delhi was going to be announced. My family members were too happy as it was obvious that I would get a chance this time. That morning I got a call, not for the team, but for something else. The person on the other side asked for 20 lakhs for the final selection. Yes, he was from the cricket committee and yes the person was your husband. Give this 20 lakhs to your husband so that next time , a cricketer lift a bat not a gun.

Sorry

The cricketer who never played.